Add checklist to pull request template (#643)
man-group/ArcticDB: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

See: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue
-->

#### What does this implement/fix? Explain your changes.

#### Checklist

<details>
  <summary>
   Code change checklist...
  </summary>
 
 - [ ] Have you updated the relevant docstring/documentation pages?

>  - [ ] Does your change support the following schema options:

Author: Good idea!

See: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue
-->

#### What does this implement/fix? Explain your changes.

#### Checklist

<details>
  <summary>
   Code change checklist...
  </summary>

>  

Reviewer: Is the PR labelled correctly as feature or bug so it appears in the autogenerated release notes?

>  - [ ] Have you updated the relevant docstring/documentation pages?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] Have you updated the relevant docstrings and documentation?
```

>  - [ ] Does your change have automated test coverage for the following schema options:

Reviewer: Refer to AlexO's docs page instead of this, I think

   - [ ] Dynamic schema
   - [ ] Sparse data
 - [ ] Do all exceptions introduced raise appropriate [error messages](https://docs.arcticdb.io/error_messages/)?

>  - [ ] Are API changes highlighted in the above section?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - [ ] Are API changes highlighted in the above section?
 - [ ] Is this contribution tested against [all ArcticDB's features](docs/mkdocs/docs/technical/contributing.md)?
```

Author: I could remove the dynamic schema/sparse data bit with that?

My problem is that's a long page. And realistically people won't pay attention to every line on that to check a box - I think it's too detailed to be of value in a PR checklist in other words. 

Equally my list is incomplete, so is of limited value in that direction. 

I'm not sure what's most useful in practise.

Reviewer: Prefer Julien's suggestion

Reviewer 2: I think that if the review process is properly done, we should not be too concerned with the last item that I proposed. What do you think?

Author: I've changed to be a link the @alexowens90 page.

>  - [ ] Are API changes highlighted in the above section?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] Are API changes highlighted in the PR description?
```
